vasp 6.5.1 updates and link to tutorial slides (#806)
NREL/HPC: docs/Documentation/Applications/vasp.md

    #SBATCH --job-name=<your-job-name>
    #SBATCH --mem=0 #The GPU partition is shared :. you must specify memory needed even when requesting all the GPU resources

>     #NOTE: THIS MUST BE SUBMITTED FROM A GPU LOG IN NODE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #NOTE: THIS MUST BE SUBMITTED FROM A GPU LOGIN NODE
```

    #SBATCH --time=02:00:00
    #SBATCH --job-name=<your-job-name>

>     #NOTE: THIS MUST BE SUBMITTED FROM A GPU LOG IN NODE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #NOTE: THIS MUST BE SUBMITTED FROM A GPU LOGIN NODE
```
